**Note:**

1. Please make sure you complete this Report related to each meeting for your Practical Project â€“ Iteration 1 below.

2. Once completed, convert this content to readme.md (GitHub).

# **Practical Project - Iteration 1**

# Group Meeting Report

|


# **Notice of Meeting and Agenda**
 |
### Date

### Time

### Location
 |
| --- | --- |

|
 |
| --- |
|
## Sponsor:
 | Noor Alani |
## Name of Group:
 | e.g. Group 1 |
|
## Group Lead:
 | Greg |
## Note taker:
 | Greg (Admin) |
| **Attendees:** | Greg, Brenda |
| **Absent:** | Britt |
| **Please bring:** | Creative Ideas |
| **Agenda items:** |
1. We need to decide a suitable topic
2. We need to decide the intricate details
 |

# Minutes

|
## Agenda Item 1:
 | We need to decide a suitable topic |
## Presenter:
 | N/A |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

#### Discussion:

(Greg) We need to come up with ideas about a suitable option, the simpler it is the better for everybody, I don&#39;t want anything that is over complicated. The ideas of an only fans page may raise issues and be overly complex purely for the sake of fitting in with trends, I think we need to reassess and find a more suitable option.

(Brenda) Could we do a plant sale website as this could help tie in with one of my other assignments

(Greg) That would be a lot simpler and as an added bonus I have nearly 600 credits in horticulture so background research into species is no problem.

#### Conclusions:

We will create a plant nursery sales website.

|
## Action items
 |
## Person responsible
 |
## Deadline
 |
| --- | --- | --- |
|
- Research other plant nursery websites.
 | Greg | N/A |
| --- | --- | --- |
|
 |
 |
 |
|
 |
 |
 |

|
## Agenda Item 2:
 | We need to decide the intricate details |
## Presenter:
 | N/A |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

#### Discussion:

(Greg) I think that 20 plants should be enough, this provides enough variety and options for people to assess without over complicating what should really be a simple task.

(Brenda) I have some options for plants so I will let you know the details of plant species applicable.

(Greg) Sweet when I have the species confirmed I can do the background research and include the photos of the plants so as we can begin the design phase of the project. I think that 10 Plants should be Native plants and 10 Plants should be Non-Native to allow for diversity.

(Brenda) Sounds great, how will we include the financial side to meet requirements.

(Greg) Considering it is a plant supply website I would feel more comfortable using order forms that give details for bank transfer with reference numbers, this ends up being a lot simpler than having to use specialist financial transfer software, we can do it all off of forms which I can do the bulk of the design work for considering the administration training that I received last year.

(Sounds great)

#### Conclusions:

20x Plants and order forms not software

|
## Action items
 |
## Person responsible
 |
## Deadline
 |
| --- | --- | --- |
|
- Find plant species
 | Brenda | 27/02/21 |
| --- | --- | --- |
|
- Research and provide photos of plant species
 | Greg | N/A |
|
- Create order forms
 | Greg | N/A |

# Other Information

#### Resources:

Time and a laptop with an internet connection will be required

#### Date of next meeting:

Monday 28 Feburary 2021

ITPM5.248 Agile Projects Page **1** of **3**

Minutes of Meeting